this is one of my favorite things I want
to share this with you I've got two
houses I've got a black house and I've
got a white house and inside the black
house I've got my Black Rabbit and it
inside the white house I've got my white
rabbit you guessed it and they're going
to do some magic for you shall we try
let's put the black one back inside the
black house and the white ones going
back inside the white house and all we
have to do is a little magic spell like
this and instantly the rabbits will
change places here we go
one two three yes the white ones inside
the black house and the black ones
inside the white house
now the hardest bit is to make them go
back again let's have a go at that one
two three and instantly look at that the
black ones back in the black house and
the white ones back in the white house
that was fantastic
but you don't believe me you want to see
you want to see them change places well
that's easy enough
in fact I'm gonna make it even harder
for myself we'll put that on there we'll
put that on there and I'm gonna move
them a little bit further apart we're
going to put the black house over here
and we're going to put the white house
over here they've got to make sure that
the black house is exactly the same
distance away from the white house as
the white one is from the black hat yes
that's fine
abracadabra and watch this yes look at
that
the white ones in the black house two
black ones in the white house and that's
magic hey I can do it again I can carry
on doing it I can carry on doing this
until you like it we're going to put
them back inside the houses again tell
you what let's move little bit more into
the middle like that that's fantastic
and now look at that one more time the
black ones in the black house and the
white ones in the white house that is
fantastic that's my favorite you want to
see it one more time in fact to cut a
long story short because chills that
says could probably get a lot of mileage
out of this one we're going to go
straight to the end and I'm going to
prove but I am putting the Black Rabbit
inside the black house like this there
we go let's putting down there and I'll
prove that we are putting the white
rabbit inside the white house like that
let's getting down there on the table
and there of course straight away the
black rubber is back inside the black
look the what the one blue no no as if
blue you'll be saying I've got a red one
inside this one next
Oh No who did that you did it well you
are clever magicians give yourselves a
massive round of applause